# wehack2020 - Toyota Challenge #2

Tech Stack: Bootstrapped with HTML, CSS and Javascript

We chose to address Toyota’s second challenge focused on helping improve safety during the chaos of school dismissal. Our goal was to “build a solution for safe, expedited, verifiable school dismissal pick up.” Our app, SafetyGo, allows for fast and reliable communication between parents and teachers of elementary and middle school students. According to data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, 30.4% of parents identify traffic-related danger, and 11.7% identify crime danger as barriers to student transportation. Many parents have felt the panic of arriving at school to pick up their child to find that their son or daughter is no longer there because he or she already got on the bus or began to walk home. This miscommunication between schools and parents can potentially be very dangerous due to the risks of kidnapping and traffic accidents.

SafetyGo allows parents to alert the school which mode of transportation their child will be taking to get home after school each day. Parents and teachers will all have individual login accounts to ensure the security of the system, and teachers will have quick access to all students’ emergency contacts as needed. SafetyGo will help provide ease of mind for parents and will expedite the process of dismissal pick-up. We believe this app will greatly improve conditions and safety of students’ after-school transportation. Thank you for listening and considering the positive impact of SafetyGo.
